Document view relationships (#121)
open-contracting/kingfisher-views: docs/develop.rst

Then, for any new CSV file, manually add a new sub-section to ``docs/database.rst`` under an appropriate section.

> Create Entity Relationship Diagram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _create_erd:

Create Entity Relationship Diagram
```

Then, for any new CSV file, manually add a new sub-section to ``docs/database.rst`` under an appropriate section.

Create Entity Relationship Diagram
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Follow the instructions to install schema spy in the `Kingfisher Process Docs <https://kingfisher-process.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development.html#updating-database-tables-graphic>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Follow these instructions <https://kingfisher-process.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development.html#updating-database-tables-graphic>`__ to install `SchemaSpy <http://schemaspy.org/>`__.
```

> Add new view with ``tables-only`` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a schema with the ``--tables-only`` option:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    python ocdskingfisher-views-cli add-view 123 "The note" --name <view_name> --tables-only

> Run schema generation with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run SchemaSpy with:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   java -jar /bin/schemaspy.jar -t pgsql -dp /bin/postgresql.jar -s view_data_<view_name> -db ocdskingfisher -u ocdskingfisher -p ocdskingfisher -host localhost -o /vagrant/schemaspy -norows

> In the folder of data that results, take the ``schemaspy/diagrams/summary/relationships.real.compact.png`` file. Copy it over to ``docs/_static/erd.png``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the directory that results, copy ``schemaspy/diagrams/summary/relationships.real.compact.png`` to ``docs/_static/erd.png``.
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra newline.
